{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Daman Sharma\
Second-Year Computer Engineering Student\
University of Toronto, St. George\
\
Welcome to the new Shopify online marketplace with a shopping cart programmed in C++!\
\
## Usage\
Since this is programmed in C++, run the Main.cpp file on your favourite IDE, such as XCode. \
\
## Interaction\
-> Adding Products\
Type in 
\f1\b add
\f0\b0  
\f2\i title price units 
\f0\i0 (Ex: To add 100 units of the iPhone at $900 each, type in \'93add iPhone $900 100\'94 without quotations)\
\
-> Finding a Product\
Type in 
\f1\b find
\f0\b0  
\f2\i title
\f0\i0  (Ex: To find iPhone, type in \'93find iPhone\'94 without quotations)\
\
-> Removing a product\
Type in 
\f1\b remove
\f0\b0  
\f2\i title
\f0\i0  to remove all units of that product. (Ex: To remove iPhone, type in \'93remove iPhone\'94 without quotations)\
\
-> Removing all products\
Type in 
\f1\b removeall 
\f0\b0 to remove every product from the inventory\
\
-> Display all products\
Type in 
\f1\b allproducts 
\f0\b0 to display all products, prices and remaining inventory.\
\
-> Count Inventory\
Type in 
\f1\b countinventory 
\f0\b0 to count all units that are available for sale   \
\
-> Add Inventory\
Type in 
\f1\b addinventory 
\f2\i\b0 title units
\f0\i0  to add more units to a product that is already in the marketplace\
\
-> Purchase\
(Use this if you only want to purchase one product) Type in 
\f1\b purchase
\f0\b0  
\f2\i title units
\f0\i0  to purchase X units of a title (product).\
\
-> Cart\
(Use this if you also want to purchase other products) Type in 
\f1\b cart
\f0\b0  to open the cart. Add products to your cart by typing in 
\f2\i title units
\f0\i0  (Ex: iPhone 20 for 20 units of the iPhone) and then press enter. Enter as many products + units that you wish to purchase. Once done, type in \'93done\'94 (without quotations) on a new line to display your final cart. Type in \'93y\'94 (without quotations) to proceed. }